Initial draft for 0.93 release note (#41036)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.93 - Aug 2025 Update

In this release, we focused on new features, stability, optimization improvements, and automation.

**✨Highlights**

 - PowerToys settings debuts a modern, card-based dashboard with clearer descriptions and faster navigation for a streamlined user experience.
 - Command Palette had over 99 issues resolved, including bringing back Clipboard History, adding context menu shortcuts, pinning favorite apps, and supporting history in Run.

>  - Command Palette is in full Ahead-of-Time (AOT) compilation mode, reducing installation size by ~55%, startup memory usage by ~15%, load time by ~40%, and built-in extensions loading time by ~70%.

Reviewer: Love this line.  Tweaked it a bit.  Please validate the AoT adjustment
```suggestion
 - Command Palette had its startup memory usage by ~15%, load time by ~40%, built-in extensions loading time by ~70% and reducing installation size by ~55%.  All due to using the full Ahead-of-Time (AOT) compilation mode in Windows App SDK.
```
